Project Name: 0x0B-python-input_output

Author's Details Name: Fortune Peter

Email: fortunepeterspc07@gmail.com*

Tel: +234 8109935100

Requirements Python Scripts Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs. All your files will be interpreted/compiled on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS using gcc, using python3 (version 3.8.5). All your files should end with a new line. The main.py files are used to test your functions, but you don’t have to push them to your repo. The first line of all your files should be exactly #!/usr/bin/python3. Your code should use the pycodestyle (version 2.8.). All your files must be executable. All your test files should be inside a folder tests. All your test files should be text files (extension: .txt). All your tests should be executed by using this command: python3 -m doctest ./tests/. The length of your files will be tested using wc. All your modules should have a documentation (python3 -c 'print(import("my_module").doc)'). All your classes should have a documentation (python3 -c 'print(import("my_module").MyClass.doc)'). All your functions (inside and outside a class) should have a documentation (python3 -c 'print(import("my_module").my_function.doc)' and python3 -c 'print(import("my_module").MyClass.my_function.doc)'). A documentation is not a simple word, it’s a real sentence explaining what’s the purpose of the module, class or method (the length of it will be verified). You are not allowed to import any module unless stated otherwise. Project Description Learn what is a superclass, baseclass or parentclass. What is a subclass. How to list all attributes and methods of a class or instance. When can an instance have new attributes. How to inherit class from another. How to define a class with multiple base classes. What is the default class every class inherit from. How to override a method or attribute inherited from the base class. Which attributes or methods are available by heritage to subclasses. What is the purpose of inheritance. What are, when and how to use isinstance, issubclass, type and superbuilt-in functions.
